# 18/07/2023 - Tuesday - 1.25AM - Hotel De Cyber, Cyberjaya

## What I've done
- created most of the HTML pages with the help of ChatGPT
    - login page
    - forgot password page
    - signup page
    - homepage/landing page
- now starting to create the app pages - starting with dashboard page
- I've also currently experimenting with something
    - I created an account at render.com to use it service - to host my app
        - to host the app
        - to use the posgres db
        - to automatically deploy my app from Github. so that when I commit or update
        my code. it will be automatically deployed and i can see it online from anywhere
        on any devices
    - I've also setting up new development environment where i code
        - Using VSCode online(vscode.dev) on my tablet
        - Editing my code from GitHub in vscode.dev on my tablet
        - So far its working fine.
        - FYI, I am writing this on my tablet now and using my new bluetooth keyboard
        - This way, if i dont want to use my office laptop to write the code or work on
        my personal project, i can use my tablet and keyboard instead.
    - Talking about experimenting, I will use ChatGPT to help me write some code or to teach
    me. ChatGPT will be my helper when i need it.
- Enough chat, lets get back to work

## What's next
- I will try to use this tablet and keyboard to do my personal project
- As for the app, i will continue build all the pages.
- Remaining pages to be build(if i can recall, refer the diagram later):
    - dashboard page
    - new bug page
    - bug detail page
    - comment form or page

## Side Note
- I just collected my car certificate of ownership(geran) from Maybank Jalan Kelang Lama
Actually,it is Maybank Taman Desa
- Together with my wife and son, we stayed for 2 night at Cyberjaya.
- Thanks Akil and Diyana! Love you both!
    - You guys are sleeping right now while papa writing this.
- Akil is just 9 month and got immunisation shot, he is recovering now.
- Her mother on the otherhand is quite tired after long day today.
- Good nite both! Papa joining you guys now