# 26/06/2023

Hey, Akmal here. Thanks for stopping by. I hope you are doing great in whatever 
you do. Before we proceed, I want to share a little background about this endeavor.

To be honest, this is my first real project in my journey as a full-stack web 
developer. This project will be included in my portfolio as I transition my career 
to full-stack web development. Therefore, I will be relearning all the technologies 
involved and familiarizing myself with the current modern development processes.

Now, let's get into the main topic of today. Today, I started learning about HTML, 
and it was a good start. I now understand the roles of HTML, CSS, and JS in creating 
great web applications for users. HTML is a resilient language that forms the 
foundation, CSS adds logic and beautifies the web, allowing developers to achieve 
their desired look. As for JS, it is the most fragile yet powerful language 
compared to HTML and CSS.

HTML already comes with solid built-in features, so whenever possible, it's best 
to utilize HTML. If a task cannot be accomplished with HTML alone, then we can 
turn to CSS or JS. Browsers will do their best to process HTML and automatically 
correct or debug itself in order to display the site correctly. With CSS, if 
something goes wrong, browsers will simply skip the problematic styles and 
continue applying others. However, if JS encounters an error, the browser will 
halt the execution of the entire JS code, potentially causing the website or 
webpage to not function as intended. This can result in more severe damage 
compared to HTML and CSS.

This perspective is new to me. Previously, I viewed HTML as a markup language 
defining the page's content, CSS as solely responsible for styling, and JS as 
purely functional.

I have already learned a lot, and this is just the beginning. I am eager to 
continue learning and building this app.

Thanks.



------------------------------------------
## What I learned today

### Formating Text
- paragraps tag
- html element has opening and closing tag
- HTML elements has meaning
- emphasize tag
- document tree - family tree
- DOM tree
- accessiblity tree
- nesting HTML elements
- it matters where we open and close and where we put the element
- dont forget include the closing tag
- paragraphs element
- codepen demo
- headlines - sub-headlines
- headlines - `<h1>`...`<h6>` - heirachy
- h1 is the biggest - h6 is the smallest
- which level to use when
- make a choice on what it means
- see new york times website to see live demo
- design system
- think about how to use the headlines across site/pages and plan
- no formula
- create semantic heirachy - the meaning
- bold and italic
- two of each
- italic - verbally italisize and visually distinguished
    - i element - visual italic
    - em element - visually empasize
- bold
    - strong element - importance - seriousness - urgency
    - b element - generic - does not mean something
- if just want to bold something visuall, just use CSS. b element as last resort
- list element
- navigation bar - list of links
- 3 kind of lists
    - ordered list
    - unordered list
    - definition list
- li element - list item
- ul element - unordered list
- CSS to alter how it looks
- ol element - ordered list
    - there is an order to the list
- definition list
    - key value paired
    - dt element - definition term
    - dd element in dt - definition description
- quote
- cite element
- blockquote element
- q element - quote - let browser provide the quote marks
- blockquote vs q element
- inline element
- block-level element - start new block
- dates and time
- time element - format date and time - anything related to date and time
- we can use any human readable format - convey to computer
- html attribute
- datetime attribute - the data that the computer understand - need to be machine readable format - specific format
- YYYY-MM-DD = this is machine readable format
- hh-mm-ss.ddd+-hh:mm = time format
- time format - 24 hours format - so that the computer understand
- display code in HTML
- code element - inline element
- write HTML code - HTML entity - less than sign - &lt;
- br and pre element - 
- line break - br element - break a line - no opening
- spacing - pre element - wrap the content - browser will respect the spacing
- subscript, superscript and small text
- subscripts - character lower down
- superscript
- sup element - superscript
- sub element - subscript
- MathML - if you want to show complex math formula
- small element - not use to make something smaller, that is CSS job
- small - to mark something to has very small importance - similar to strong

### Understanding the Power of HTML
- inspect HTML code
- in Browser - right click Inspect Element
- Developer Tools
- Inspector
- see the HTML
- use this to inspect website and see how others use the markup
- if you see something wrong, use the Inspector to see what is going wrong
- attribute
- global attributes - works on any element
    - class attribute - attached reusable name
    - id attribute - unique name once in a page
    - contenteditable - make it editable
    - lang
    - dir
- ARIA roles
    - usability for disabled people
    - Firefox Accessibility Tool
    - accessbility tree - assistive 
    - aria-label attribute
    - aria-hidden attribute
    - important tool to make website accessible to everyone
- formating HTML
    - puting comments
    - `<!--this is a comment-->`
    - lowercase for all HTML element
    - why element has capital letter? old website vs new website
    - why element has short name and long name? memory computer grew - no need to save bit and byte - long name more readable
    - open and closing tag - some old tag dont have closing tag
- wierd characters
    - greater than, less than, etc..
    - character entity
    - non breaking space - `&nbsp;`
        - we use this when we want the text to be side by side without going to saperate line if there is no space
        - we also use this to add spaces
